Document initializers for unit variables. (#997)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/parsing.rst

You can use the ``?.`` unit operator to test if an optional unit
variable remains unset.

> Unit variables can also be initialized with arbitrary expression when being
> defined. The initialization is performed *before* the containing unit starts
> parsing so this form of initialization cannot be used to access parse results
> of the unit itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit variables can also be initialized with custom expressions when being
defined. The initialization is performed just before the containing unit starts
parsing (implying that the expressions cannot access parse results
of the unit itself yet).
```

.. spicy-code:: unit-vars-init.spicy

    module Test;

    public type Broken = unit {
        x: int8;

        # This initialization succeeds as the initializer can be converted to the variable type.
        var b: int8 = 123;

        # This initialization never succeeds as when 'a' is initialized 'self.x' is always unset.

>         var a: int8 = self.x;

Reviewer: Let's skip this, we shouldn't be showing code that's wrong.
